I was just this is a lot more
complicated than it looks I first met
dec six years ago at NYU you don't have
an ad workforce and did you actually he
was handsome and charming but when all
of this is over deck spies celebratory
dinner he was just perfect then he met
my best friend darcy I don't know he's
like okay ask rachel out on a date
thirsty were just friends friend that
asked me out I'm sorry I'm gonna take
off range I just want to make sure you
were okay yeah hey you never know where
it might lead right I love Rachel
because she went to NYU Law and met my
future husband Oh center of attention
that's weird okay let's get one more
drink now i remember weds as I crush on
you in law school no you did come on you
knew like I said
it's more complicated than it looks this
is just a big mistake we were both
really drunk I wasn't that drunk what
the people fell not based my
similarities in the two of you would be
a couple you're sorry you can't afford
to be picky thanks Oprah do you think I
should marry Dax cuz I do love him I do
okay why do you let her wait unless he
wins she always has you were obviously
still so in love with me the roles were
reversed Darcy wouldn't even hesitate
she is my best friend you have to help
me write my vows tell him the idea of
life without him is unimaginable you
deserve to be happy you need to get back
here right now no what's up everybody
let's do a secret for every point that
breaks why don't you do it all right you
know what if she's not gonna tell you I
will oh you broke my nose